Customer Names Table:
1. Are there any duplicate Customer IDs in the dataset? If yes, how many?
2. How many customers are included in the dataset?

Medical Examination Table:
1. How many customers have a history of cancer?
2. Identify the customer(s) with the highest BMI.
3. How many customers have Diabetes?
4. How many obese customers have heart issues?
5. What is the total number of major surgeries performed on customers?
6. Calculate the percentage of customers who have undergone any transplants.
7. Find the average HBA1C value of customers who are smokers.
8. How many customers with heart issues have done a transplant?
9. What is the average BMI of customers who have done more than 2 major surgeries?

Hospitalization details Table:
1. Calculate all the Summary statistics for the 'charges' column.
2. Which is the median age and the most common age in the dataset?
3. Find the average hospitalization charges for customers who are more than 50 years old.
4. Compare the total charges across different hospital tiers.
5. Which city tier has the highest average hospitalization charges?
6. Calculate the average charges for people who have more than 2 children.
7. Find the integer average number of children of customers who are less than 40 years old.


Analysis using Pie/Donut Chart:
1. What is the distribution of cancer history among smokers and non-smokers?
2. How does the total number of major surgeries and average HbA1C differ between patients with and without a history of transplants?

Analysis using Column/Bar Chart:
3. How do healthcare charges vary based on different weight statuses and diabetes statuses?
4. Can you compare the average charges for each hospital tier within different states?

Analysis using Line/Scatter Plot:
5. Is there any correlation between age and both BMI and HbA1C in the dataset?
6. Explore the relationship between age and healthcare charges.












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































